It turns out that you are the one who framed me
Nonsense
Did I hold a knife to your neck?
Let you go to Yukun Palace
Did I force you to rape and humiliate Concubine Liu?
Who made me go?
What matters is who is promiscuous in the harem
Who is it with Concubine Liu Guifei Gou He?
Who else could it be?
Falling red is hard evidence
Hum hard evidence
Since falling red is hard evidence
Is the child in Concubine Liu's belly ironclad evidence?
Father Emperor Liu Guifei is pregnant
If you don't believe
Ask the imperial doctor to try it
Nonsense
The father never favored Concubine Liu Guifei
How to get pregnant
Chen Yuanxiao, you are simply talking nonsense
Your Majesty's vision
The concubine has never done anything wrong to you
Liu Guifei is pregnant
What evidence do you have?
True or False
Ask the imperial doctor to try it
What but
Father Emperor, he must have colluded with the imperial doctor
Exonerate him
The imperial doctor can't do it.
Is that okay?
Lord Dong Xing
Why are you here?
hand